some people fit right in
it comes effortlessly it must be nice no
excuse me
can you buy some booze for my friends
and I oh there's my girl
this never happened hey you guys wanna
party like rock stars
follow me cool basement you're free to
do whatever you want down here but
nobody go upstairs this is so sick
welcome Tomas who are you with just some
kids from school you got a sweet mama
huh hi honey I want you to meet someone
why don't you get our numbers I told you
everyone is here we can't go up there
what the hell take a look at Maggie I
can feel those big doe eyes watching me
why is my son spending time at your
house
some people fit right in strip what you
did to me it has a cost away how does it
feel to be on the outside looking in
that's the most fun I've had in a long
time
[Music]
you